ADR 006 - consistent API for components that fill the parent width (#2088)
primer/react: contributor-docs/adrs/adr-006-component-fill-width-api.md

# ADR 006: Use consistent API for making a component fill a parent's width

## Status

Proposed

## Context

> By default, components like [Button](https://primer.style/react/Button) and [TextInput](https://primer.style/react/TextInput) are layed out inline, and are only do not fill the width of their parent. However, there are some layouts where these components fill the width of their parent for better ergonomics or to raise its level of hierarchy on the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, components like [Button](https://primer.style/react/Button) and [TextInput](https://primer.style/react/TextInput) are displayed inline, and do not expand to fill the width of their parent. However, there are some layouts where these components fill the width of their parent for better ergonomics or to raise its level of hierarchy on the page.
```
